There are multiple things that Kierkegaard might have learned from Socrates.  The most obvious of which is the use of irony to show others that their specific definitions and perspectives often lead logically to contradictions.  Kierkegaard eventually found this to be his primary goal in relation to the standard application of Christianity in 19th century Denmark.  However, Kierkegaard had read Euthyphro and other similar such dialogues from Plato.  In each of these every definition and perspective on piety, beauty, the good, led to untenable positions.  Kierkegaard ultimately learned from Socrates that objective truth is irrelevant and meaningless, a vehicle large not enough for the human spirit.  

Kierkegaard believed that greater objective knowledge was not a solution to the requirement of subjectivity and, subsequently, greater knowledge of the physical world would not have saved Socrates.  Of Socrates, Kierkegaard wrote "for him, the whole given actuality had entirely lost its validity; he had become alien to the actuality of the whole substantial world." ( The Concept of Irony, page 264.)  This is describing the Socrates who lived in a time when the objective truth was local customs and traditions and the Socrates who had decided that the objective truth could only be reached upon a subjective path.  Kierkegaard later writes "our age will probably look the same to an age having more knowledge about the physical world."  (The Sickness Unto Death, page 91.)  By saying this Kierkegaard acknowledges that this difference in the knowledge of (objective) truth between ancient Greece and 19th century Denmark might be the same as the difference between the knowledge of, say, today and Denmark at that time, but he makes no claim that somehow that will lessen or minimize the necessity of approaching the truth in a subjective manner.  

If Kierkegaard had believed that objective truth could provide meaning, he could have made it his goal to study more about that.  Instead he chose the goal to subjectively approach Christianity which for him meant embracing and maintaining a paradox.  "... for if the god is absolutely different from a human being, then a human being is absolutely different from the god--but how is the understanding to grasp this?  At this point we seem to stand at a paradox."  (Philosophical Fragments, page 46)  Once this paradox is recognized, it overwhelms objective truth and any desire to acquire it.  Kierkegaard was happy to pursue these lines of thought because he had learned from Socrates that objective truth is meaningless which gave him no other avenue than that of inward subjectivity and allowed the paradox to be fundamental.  "But one must not think ill of the paradox, for the paradox is the passion of thought and the thinker without the paradox is like the lover without passion:  a mediocre fellow."  (Philosophical Fragments, page 37)

Had Kierkegaard believed in the existence of an objective truth he could have tried to displace the wrong truths held by his countrymen with some right truth, but his primary goal was only to annihilate truths that are easily accepted to be replaced by more difficult subjective truths.  About the truth as it was being proclaimed by others at the time, Kierkegaard says "... it is undoubtedly necessary to underscore it in a time like this, which is running wild in its profusion of empty, pompous, and fruitless knowledge, to the point where now, just as in Socrates' time, only even more so, it is necessary for men to be Socratically starved a little."  (The Sickness Unto Death, page 90)  And more, "... we may speak of Socrates' moral strength, but the point he reached in this respect was rather the negative qualification that subjectivity intrinsically determines itself, but he lacked the objectivity in which subjectivity in its intrinsic freedom is free, the objectivity that is not the limiting but the enlarging boundary of subjectivity."  (The Concept of Irony, 210-210.)  For Socrates the objective truth was contained entirely within the sphere of the subjective and, therefore, the best way for Kierkegaard to convince his contemporaries of anything was to remove preconceptions and encourage their inward subjectivity.

Even with these three main points, namely 1) that even more objective truth is not enough to overcome the necessity of subjectivity, 2) Kierkegaard clearly chose the search for subjective truth over that of the search for objective truth, and 3) even when trying to dispel the misconceptions of others he made no attempt to substitute in any specific objective truth that was better, we have more direct course of argument when looking at Kierkegaard's criticism of Hegel.  Speaking of Socrates, Kierkegaard writes "Even though in various places Hegel seems to want to reclaim a positivity for him, and even though he attributes to him the idea of the good, it nevertheless turns out that the individual, in relation to the good, is arbitrarily self-determining, and that the good as such has no absolute binding power."  (The Concept of Irony, pages 223-224.)  The only binding power is that of the subjective--there are no consequences other than those we accept on ourselves--and we can see this, as did Kierkegaard, in the way Socrates went calmly to his death.

In ancient Greece the objective truth was supplied by customs and traditions.  Socrates began the process of eroding that comfort through the process of Irony.  Kierkegaard continued the work of Socrates by trying to show people that their objective truth--supplied by the state-established Christian church--also had no foundation.  These are just two instances where people, happy with their truth, are overridden by philosophers and forced to see that as a human being, there is no place to stand.  Today this is more true than ever.  Even in a world where science is viewed as an objective truth, we can see how much the subjective determines interpretation when considering how no one doubts gravity or the science underlying computers and the internet but often there is doubt around results of the same process when applied to climate change and evolution, where the conclusions are just a little more distant than the purely empirical.  Are these doubts justified?  Sure, even belief in the scientific method requires faith.  Kierkegaard learned the hollowness of objective truth from Socrates, then did what many human beings do:  try to fill the void.  He chose to fill the void with a subjective acceptance of the paradox which is Christianity, but it would not have been necessary if he thought that objective truth had any real meaning.